Mixed positional + kwargs NON-BREAKING (#405)
osohq/oso: docs/changelogs/0.5.2.rst

=====
0.5.2
=====

**Release date:** 2020-09-08

Breaking changes
================

.. TODO remove warning and replace with "None" if no breaking
   changes.

.. warning:: This release contains breaking changes. Be sure
   to follow migration steps before upgrading.

Breaking change 1
-----------------

- summary of breaking change

Link to migration guide

New features
==============

Support for constructors with both positional and keyword arguments
===================================================================

- In languages that support both positional and keyword arguments (currently Python and Ruby), oso now supports registering classes with constructors that use both.
- The syntax for calling a constructor with mixed arguments from an oso policy is::

    instance = new MyClass(1, 2, foo: 3)

> - As is the convention in Python and Ruby, positional arguments must come before keyword arguments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- As is mandated in Python and Ruby, positional arguments must come before keyword arguments.
```
